10 china
卷珠帘 by Huo Zun
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2o_xB8k8LJY
画 by Zhao Lei
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=llqz0B9XXX8
悟空 by Dai Quan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rCubtRLatqE
东北民谣 by Mao Buyi
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DHUkFacF_5c
天路 by Han Hong
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gpqICn6wt18
青花瓷 by Jay Chou
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z8Mqw0b9ADs
失落沙洲 by Lala Hsu
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ie1KcGvBN_k
年轮说 by Rainie Yang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=anurOHpo0aY
你的酒馆对我打了烊 by 陈雪凝
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ynaARgs_yvQ
漂洋过海来看你 by Rose Liu
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xjN8yI5oIok
2 indonesia
Sisa Rasa by Mahalini
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wh66ThpxvI4
Melukis Senja by Budi Doremi
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qZIQAk-BUEc
4 nigeria
Holy Father by Mayorkun & Victony
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gih_Nk9NBBw
Baby Riddim by Fave
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ewMKS8GcmhI
Understand by Omah Lay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X3Ai6osw3Mk
Bloody Samaritan by Ayra Starr
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zcR0PWGfUhs
3 brazil
NO CHÃO NOVINHA by Anitta & PEDRO SAMPAIO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ls74YCwYB4k
São Pixinguinha by Emicida
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CcCtKg6IYDY
Um Pouco De Você by Vitão
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pZXcv8bcJaM
4 russia
Наверно, ты меня не помнишь by JONY & HammAli
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sh8Qz0JtVuY
Патрон by Miyagi & Andy Panda
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OhOsjg8VLlQ
Привет by Kambulat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sl59t_OBBKc
Август - это ты by MOT
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MlVTvHvq4Vw
2 mexico
La Sinvergüenza by Christian Nodal & Banda MS de Sergio Lizárraga
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cuxLV4zOMLw
A La Antigüita by Calibre 50
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hvNwhGDe1HM
2 philippines
Pagsamo by Arthur Nery
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KrRUxRCXpf8
Pano by Zack Tabudlo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oXsal8_683M
1 ethiopia
Buna (ft. Samba Zao) by Iri Di
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O3LE-Ubp5og
4 egypt
Afareet El Asphalt by Wegz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sua3g0DBwv8
Mesh Aader Ansa by Mohamed Hamaki
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VmCupyxW2RI
Hetta Tanya by Ruby
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gbt6cTZSKgo
Ya Tabtab by Nancy Ajram
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6fCBSQjpH8U
1 democratic republic of congo
Sondela (ft. Msaki) by TRESOR
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wkKjvQ8PYd4
3 vietnam
Bước Qua Nhau by Vũ.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ixdSsW5n2rI
Muộn Rồi Mà Sao Còn by Sơn Tùng M-TP
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xypzmu5mMPY
Em Đã Có Người Mới (feat. Người cũ) by Tóc Tiên
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OS7gDIHU7ms
3 turkey
Arıyorum by EDIS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o9oQOqe3vqc
Kor by Emir Can İğrek
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IxCDE7xVRtg
Dinle Beni Bi' by Yüzyüzeyken Konuşuruz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sMAnwI_J8iI
2 germany
Küsse wie Gift by LEA & LUNA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b5cbkKM2GXw
Bordeaux by BRKN
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gGdd1DBsrOo
4 thailand
บานปลาย (best wishes) by BOWKYLION
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RzttASVRHAI
Lavender (ลาเวนเดอร์) by Patrickananda
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V69g4fo8oZ0
สายตาหลอกกันไม่ได้ (Eyes don't lie) by Ink Waruntorn
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C-Edz_RXi8E
ห้ามใจไม่อยู่ by Earth Patravee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MFnKm6aB938
3 south africa
Umama by Sjava
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qIl1MbWiCXA
Asibe Happy (ft. Ami Faku) by Kabza De Small & DJ Maphorisa
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rmeyxtWagrY
Vat 'n Bietjie by Riaan Benadé
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Tt3Ot_RPwM
3 kenya
Properly (ft. Femi One) by Nyashinski
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IKvFz-IlB5k
Comeback by Wangechi & -Phy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X5vy9A6icvk
kiasi by Juacali
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ek_epniP-eo
2 spain
Di Mi Nombre by Rosalía
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mUBMPaj0L3o
Perfecto by Sen Senra
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b5xW4smeeJo
2 colombia
Nada by Lido Pimienta
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cje1mE92Ymg
Vestido by J Balvin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gMS6gOAv0ag
3 sudan
Allalah Belil by Shoukrallah Ezz Eldin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XByCxbkfk1g
Matalib by Sammany
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vj_GDVBFQ5A
Rival by Hiba Elgizouli
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zn5-Lc9yPx0
2 argentina
Buenos Aires by Nathy Peluso
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O8BLUzAxNmQ
Midtown by Duki
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rSEd7vZo6Lk
1 uganda
Slow Dancing by Azawi
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7gx5QFndwbA
2 canada
No Friends in the Industry by Drake
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_dSN9EaQotw
Snowchild by The Weeknd
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G0JKdFjWkLA
2 saudi arabia
Akhatht Alqalb by Abdul Majeed Abdullah
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fQp3r8rKS8s
Al Kawkab by Rahma Riad
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vxXcPnqWVDc
2 malaysia
Belum Siap Kehilangan by Stevan Pasaribu
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ru5Ox8f_vs
Aku Bukan Jodohnya by Tri Suaka
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x9SzUoJei-U
3 nepal
Naganya Maya by Sajjan Raj Vaidya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=csoXwcbmNLw
Muskurayera by Sushant KC
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nBxsKUhw0MA
Najeek by Bartika Eam Rai
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AMRGmAh2NTk
3 ghana
Jaara (ft. Medikal) by Sarkodie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7lKjOGFXMt0
Paa Kwesi (ft. RJZ) by Joey B
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VImqqP5PPIg
Balance (ft. Sarkodie) by MzVee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DXLzugs-yms
2 belarus
Вороны by Xcho
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=giwhBDY7tgw
Незабудка by Тима Белорусских
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VrZrqGlvDho
2 kazakhstan
Лиловая by Jah Khalib
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vI6yG78jPnk
Москва любит... by Scriptonite
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V8XsbtoGKtg
1 mali
Nterini by Fatoumata Diawara
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4gmGL5SqhaY
3 laos
ຕື່ນຈາກຝັນ (ft.LALA) by BAY6IX
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L0YF-qzCyJc
Siengkhan Tanjai (ເພງ ສຽງແຄນແທນໃຈ - ມຸກດາວັນ ສັນຕິພອນ)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cA10UGKsJdg
ລຳວົງສາລະວັນ (ft. Win Vang) by Maiv Thoj
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P_2vNML-C6w
4 mongolia
Babadabya by NENE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zOgnCzPSz4g
Yroso by Davaidasha
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wiXFw54Pk1U
Haru Haru by Vandebo & Anir
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5T-xG81O0oU
Yuve Yuve Yu by The HU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v4xZUr0BEfE
2 cambodia
Catch Me If You Can by VannDa
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H4vQNl4mVTI
ខ្យល់ត្រជាក់ by Tena
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bWQBncpct1s
4 puerto rico
Cúrame by Rauw Alejandro
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PxaMPLEFv6Y
Yonaguni by Bad Bunny
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=doLMt10ytHY
Experimento by Myke Towers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tpEBRdmMpXE
Los Dioses by Anuel AA & Ozuna
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fg4ZY92w0L4
3 cape verde
Morna by Dino d’Santiago
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=heevAZqiiAo
Fendi by Drenaz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gqN68jNPRAg
Sima Nkre by Djodje, Deejay Telio & Julinho Ksd
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jxyqDmINyAY
1 azerbaijan
Huemay by Xpert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mdBv68IBBWA
1 armenia
Пропал интерес by Konfuz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H-DfLegg4ao
2 sri lanka
Dawasak Ewi by Piyath Rajapakse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ZPmLECW6ec
Andakare Man by Dilo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZL-RLA6YRDU
1 dominican republic
Nena by Yendry
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ReyXd8aIe3w
4 india
Kal Ho Naa Ho by Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy & Sonu Nigam
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g0eO74UmRBs
Tujhe Dekha To by Lata Mangeshkar & Kumar Sanu
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cNV5hLSa9H8
Badtameez Dil by Pritam, Benny Dayal, Shefali Alvares
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=II2EO3Nw4m0
Balam Pichkari by Pritam, Vishal Dadlani, Shalmali Kholgade
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0WtRNGubWGA
4 united states
Need to Know by Doja Cat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dI3xkL7qUAc
positions by Ariana Grande
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tcYodQoapMg
Levitating by Dua Lipa (ft. Da Baby)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TUVcZfQe-Kw
All I Want for Christmas is You by Mariah Carey
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aAkMkVFwAoo
2 pakistan
O Re Piya by Rahat Fateh Ali Khan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iv7lcUkFVSc
Dil Meri Na Sune by Atif Aslam
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YZLKoG_vhDY
2 bangladesh
Tor Moner Vitor Kar Chobi Aka by BH Akash
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H_WQHrsTYOc
Avijog by Tanveer Evan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CzMLuLwuZ00
4 japan
BETELGEUSE by Yuuri
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cbqvxDTLMps
なんでもないよ、by Macaroni Empitsu
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2k21MgVKg4o
Zankyosanka by Aimer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nc0sB1Bmf-A
一途 by King Gnu
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hm1na9R2uYA
3 france
Jefe by Ninho
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tk-vgRMoPnY
Bruxelles je t'aime by Angèle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a79iLjV-HKw
40% by Aya Nakamura
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5fY6W2QaU88
16 korea
ELEVEN by IVE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=--FmExEAsM8
NOT ME! by Jeebanoff
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LEtekSu9h6s
색안경 (STEREOTYPE) by STAYC
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xmxcnf2v_gs
Weekend by Taeyeon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RmuL-BPFi2Q
LILAC(라일락) by IU(아이유)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v7bnOxV4jAc
CALL ME BABY by EXO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yWfsla_Uh80
Blue Hour by TXT
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vd9QkWsd5p4
DOPE(쩔어) by BTS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BVwAVbKYYeM
피 땀 눈물 (Blood Sweat & Tears) by BTS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hmE9f-TEutc
MIROH by Stray Kids
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dab4EENTW5I
The Feels by TWICE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f5_wn8mexmM
TT by TWICE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ePpPVE-GGJw
LIKEY by TWICE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V2hlQkVJZhE
Instagram by DEAN
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wKyMIrBClYw
D (Half Moon) by DEAN
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eelfrHtmk68
하루살이 (dayfly) by DEAN ft. Sulli, Rad Museum
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z3W0jKcv1SU
